Men are inherently selfish. They try to do their best to stand out in the crowd in a given environment. Here, goes the saying, "Man is the product of his environment." For example, when you go to mosque you see people praying, you see people try to get closer to Allah. So, your selfish self wants to become more favorite to Allah and you do more prayer and you do and talk more on religious matter where your ultimate goal is to get closer to Allah. Similarly, if you are in bar where everyone's been drinking and being fun and cool person. So your selfish self wants to be cooler and more fun than others, so gradually you start drinking more and do more of the stuff that aligns with that particular environment which helps you to ultimately achieve your goal. If these speculations are correct men can eventually change his behavior by changing his environment and the saying is true.

So, I am thinking of experimenting this idea. I have some goals in my mind. I am not going to say it here. There are two outcomes. One, I will succeed in what I am about to do and eventually forget what I was trying to achieve and it's actually better if I don't remember this. Maybe, I will still have the memory (I doubt that, I am forgetful🤣) which will change nothing. Second, I will not succeed, in this case I will remember cause I will be keep doing the stuff I don't want to do, could be even worse in the future and better, I will feel guilty upon seeing this again.

> [!note]
> If I fail, it means my previous speculations were wrong and environment does not have any effect on a person or at least in my situation it did not. 
> Nonetheless, rare cases can exist in both outcomes (whether environment has effect on a person or not). If possible the percentage should be measured.